1]Beginning with an empty binary search tree, Construct binary search tree by inserting the values in the order given. After constructing a binary tree -
i. Insert new node
ii. Find number of nodes in longest path
iii. Minimum data value found in the tree
iv. Change a tree so that the roles of the left and right pointers are swapped at every node
v. Search a value

2]Convert given binary tree into threaded binary tree. Analyze time and space complexity of the algorithm.

3]Write a function to get the number of vertices in an undirected graph and its edges. You may assume that no edge is input twice.
i. Use adjacency list representation of the graph and find runtime of the function
ii. Use adjacency matrix representation of the graph and find runtime of the function

4]You have a business with several offices; you want to lease phone lines to connect them up with each other; and the phone company charges different amounts of money to connect different pairs of cities. You want a set of lines that connects all your offices with a minimum total cost. Solve the problem by suggesting appropriate data structures.

5]Consider telephone book database of N clients. Make use of a hash table implementation to quickly look up client‘s telephone number.

6]Implement all the functions of a dictionary (ADT) using hashing.
Data: Set of (key, value) pairs, Keys are mapped to values, Keys must be comparable, Keys must be unique
Standard Operations: Insert(key, value), Find(key), Delete(key)

7]Given sequence k = k1 <k2 < … < kn of n sorted keys, with a search probability pi for each key ki . Build the Binary search tree that has the least search cost given the access probability for each key.

8]A Dictionary stores keywords & its meanings. Provide facility for adding new keywords, deleting keywords, updating values of any entry. Provide facility to display whole data sorted in ascending/ Descending order. Also find how many maximum comparisons may require for finding any keyword. Use Height balance tree and find the complexity for finding a keyword

9]Read the marks obtained by students of second year in an online examination of particular subject. Find out maximum and minimum marks obtained in that subject. Use heap data structure. Analyze the algorithm.


10]Department maintains a student information. The file contains roll number, name, division and address. Allow user to add, delete information of student. Display information of particular employee. If record of student does not exist an appropriate message is displayed. If it is, then the system displays the student details. Use sequential file to main the data.


11]Implement the Heap/Shell sort algorithm implemented in Java demonstrating heap/shell data structure with modularity of programming language.


12]Any application defining scope of Formal parameter, Global parameter, Local parameter accessing mechanism and also relevance to private, public and protected access. Write a Java program which demonstrates the scope rules of the programming mechanism


13]Write a Java program which will demonstrate a concept of Interfaces and packages: In this assignment design and use of customized interfaces and packages for a specific application are expected.